Grail Browser
*************

CNRI Source Code License Agreement
==================================

----------------------------------------------------------------------

IMPORTANT: Please read the following License Agreement carefully.
Submitting the required information constitutes your acknowledgment
that you have read and agreed to the terms and conditions of this
License Agreement. The Grail source code identified below will be
released when the required information is received.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

1. The Corporation for National Research Initiatives ("CNRI") provides
Licensee with source code for the computer software listed below
("Software"), subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement.

    Grail Browser, Version 0.2

2. CNRI grants Licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferable,
royalty-free license to reproduce, develop, test, analyze and
otherwise use the Software solely for educational, research and
internal business purposes. While Licensee may share the Software
within its organization or otherwise use it internally for the
purposes specified herein, this Agreement does not authorize Licensee
to distribute copies of the Software to the public, perform and/or
display the Software publicly, or otherwise make the Software
accessible to the public. Third parties wishing to obtain the Software
must get it directly from CNRI.

3. Licensee is encouraged, at its own expense, to create derivative
works solely for the non-commercial purposes indicated in this
Agreement, provided, however, that the Software is not edited in any
way that would disable any credits embedded therein. Anyone wishing to
obtain a license to make any other use of the Software, in particular,
a license to incorporate the Software in a derivative work that will
be placed on sale to the public, should contact CNRI for permission.

4. Licensee is encouraged to share with CNRI any derivative works
prepared under this Agreement.  If Licensee wishes CNRI to consider
incorporating such derivative works, in whole or in part, in future
releases of the Software, they should so indicate.  If CNRI, at its
sole discretion, decides to incorporate any such derivative works in
the Software, CNRI will contact Licensee to make the necessary
licensing arrangements.

5. CNRI is making the Software available on an "AS IS" basis.  CNRI
MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.  CNRI SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO USERS OF
THE SOFTWARE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR
LOSS AS A RESULT OF USING THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

6. This Agreement may be terminated by CNRI: (i) immediately upon
written notice from CNRI of any material breach by the Licensee, if
the nature of the breach is such that it cannot be remedied; or (ii)
sixty days following notice from CNRI to the licensee of a material
remediable breach, if Licensee has not remedied such breach within
that sixty-day period. Upon termination of this Agreement, Licensee
shall promptly destroy any copies of the Software in its possession.

7. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create any
relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture between the
parties.  This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in
accordance with Virginia law.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Please supply the following information for our records:

Name of Licensee:

E-mail address:

Affiliation:

Title:
