GRAIL 0.3b1
===========

This is the first beta version of Grail 0.3.  It should run on most
Unix systems, provided you have Python 1.3 with Tcl/Tk 7.4/4.0.  It is
only distributed in source form.

**********************************************************************
* This is a beta release -- you can expect some problems, and we are *
* expecting feedback!  Send all your feedback to this address:       *
*                                                                    *
*                     grail-feedback@python.org                      *
*                                                                    *
**********************************************************************

In this file:

	- Licensing issues
	- Installation
	- Using Grail
	- Web resources
	- Feedback
	- Epilogue


Licensing issues
----------------

The final release of Grail 0.3 will have a much more relaxed license,
which allows essentially unrestricted use and redistribution.
However, the software engineers got ahead of the lawyers, so this beta
version is released under the same, somewhat restricting license as
Grail 0.2.  Don't worry, most restrictions on commercial use and
redistribution *will* be lifted!

The full text of the license can be found in the file LICENSE in this
directory.

One additional note: the C source files in the subdirectory sgml_lex
are modified versions of software written by Dan Connolly of W3C.  The
standard W3C copyright applies to these files, with an additional CNRI
copyright.  See the URL http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/COPYRIGHT.html for
the W3C copyright notice.


Installation
------------

There are three steps to take before you can use Grail:

- Install Tcl 7.4 and Tk 4.0.  (Don't use earlier or later versions;
don't use beta versions.)  The URL to get these is
http://www.sunlabs.com/research/tcl/; or try ftp to ftp.sunlabs.com in
directory /pub/tcl/.

- Install Python 1.3, configured for use with Tk.  The URL to get
Python is http://www.python.org; or try ftp to ftp.python.org in
directory /pub/python/src/.  You must enable Tk support by editing the
file Modules/Setup; see the comments in that file (search for
"tkinter").

- Install the Grail sources in a convenient place.  Grail is executed
directly from its source directory.  If you are using the /usr/local
hierarchy, the Grail sources could be installed in
/usr/local/lib/grail/.  If you don't use the /usr/local hierarchy (or
don't use it for Python 1.3), be sure to edit the first line of
grail.py to point to your Python interpreter.  If you want to have
Grail on your path, you can create a symbolic link named "grail" to
grail.py anywhere.

You can also choose to leave grail.py unchanged and have a shell
script named "grail" which execs the Python interpreter, e.g.:

    exec /usr/local/bin/python /usr/local/lib/grail/grail.py ${1+"$@"}


There's one additional optional step: if you want a slightly faster
HTML parser (and don't we all want that... :-), and your Python
supports dynamic loading of modules fromn shared libraries
(e.g. Solaris, SunOS, IRIX, some Linux versions), you can enter the
subdirectory sgml_lex and build the alternative SGML parser written in
C there.  Unless you're at Solaris, you should edit the Makefile and
edit the configuration section (it's really simple).  Then run "make".
Grail will automatically use the C parser the next time it starts; it
will print "Connolly's parser" at startup instead of "Guido's parser",
to indicate that it is using the C parser.


Using Grail
-----------

If the first line of the grail.py script points to a working Python
1.3 interpreter with Tk 4.0 support, you should be able to start Grail
by executing "./grail.py" in the Grail source directory.  Grail
figures out where the source directory is by inspecting sys.argv[0],
so in fact typing the pathname to the script from anywhere should
work.

Command line options:

The "-g <geometry>" option lets you specify an initial geometry for
the first browser window in the standard X11 geometry form:
[<width>x<height>][+<x>+<y>], where all dimensions are measured in
pixels.  It is also possible to set the width and height (in character
units) through the General preference panel.

The "-i" option inhibits loading of images for this session.
This option can also be set via the General preference panel.

Command line arguments:

The only positional command line argument is an optional URL of a page
to display initially.  This does not become your "home page"; use the
General preference panel to change the page loaded by the Home command
in the Go menu, and to choose whether this page should be loaded
initially if no URL is given on the command line.


Web resources
-------------

More information on using Grail 0.3 can be found through the Grail 0.3
home page, at this URL:

    http://monty.cnri.reston.va.us/grail-0.3/

This page is also accessible through the "Grail Home Page" item of the
Help menu.


Feedback
--------

Send all your feedback to the following email address:

    grail-feedback@python.org

Before reporting a bug, be sure to check the known bugs page first, at
this URL:

    http://monty.cnri.reston.va.us/grail-0.3/info/bugs.html

You are encouraged to subscribe to the Grail mailing list.  See this
URL:

    http://monty.cnri.reston.va.us/grail-0.3/info/mailinglist.html

(or send Majordomo commands to grail-request@python.org).


Epilogue
--------

"Everything should be made as simple as possible, but no simpler."
	--Albert Einstein

"Nothing is as simple as we hope it will be."
	--Jim Horning

"Simple is as simple does."
	--Forrest Gump
