            GRAIL BROWSER CNRI BINARY LICENSE AGREEMENT

1.  The Corporation for National Research Initiatives ("CNRI")
provides the Licensee with binary code for the computer software
listed below ("Software"), subject to the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement.

Grail Browser, Version 0.1, Binary

2.  CNRI grants the Licensee a nonexclusive license to reproduce,
develop, test, analyze and otherwise use the Software solely for
educational, research and other non-commercial purposes.  There is no
fee for this license.  While Licensee may share the Software within
its organization or otherwise use it internally for the purposes
specified herein, this Agreement does not authorize Licensee to
distribute copies of the Software to the public, perform and/or
display the Software publicly, or otherwise use or make the Software
accessible to the public in the form hereby released by CNRI.  Third
parties wishing to obtain the Software must get it directly from CNRI.

3.  Anyone wishing to obtain a license to make any other use of
the Software, in particular, a license to incorporate the 
Software in a derivative work that will be placed on sale to the 
public, should contact CNRI for permission. 

4.  CNRI is making the Software available on an "AS IS," basis.  CNRI
MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.  CNRI SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO USERS OF
THE SOFTWARE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR
LOSS AS A RESULT OF USING THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

5.  This Agreement may be terminated by CNRI: (i) immediately upon
written notice from CNRI of any material breach by the Licensee, if
the nature of the breach is such that it cannot be remedied; or (ii)
sixty days following notice from CNRI to the Licensee of a material
remediable breach, if Licensee has not remedied such breach within
that sixty-day period.



*** By accessing this server and proceeding to download a Grail
binary, a person or organization ("Licensee") will be deemed to have
entered into the above License Agreement. ***
