_________________________________________________________________


GRAIL BROWSER (Version 0.4)


CNRI LICENSE AGREEMENT

_________________________________________________________________


IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING AGREEMENT CAREFULLY.


SUBMITTING THE REQUIRED INFORMATION AND CLICKING ON THE BUTTON WHERE
INDICATED BELOW CONSTITUTES YOUR ACKNOWLEDGMENT THAT YOU HAVE READ AND
AGREED TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  THE GRAIL
BROWSER SOFTWARE IDENTIFIED BELOW WILL BE RELEASED TO YOU WHEN THE
REQUIRED INFORMATION IS RECEIVED.  THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE EFFECTIVE
BETWEEN YOU AND CNRI AS OF THE DATE OF RELEASE TO YOU OF THE GRAIL
BROWSER SOFTWARE.

_________________________________________________________________


1.  The Corporation for National Research Initiatives ("CNRI"), a
District of Columbia corporation having a place of business at 1895
Preston White Drive, Reston, VA 20191, desiring to encourage the wide
dissemination of the following computer software ("Software"),
provides Licensee identified below ("Licensee") with the Software in
source form:


 o Grail Browser, Version 0.4


2.  CNRI owns the Software and its associated documentation and all
copyrights therein.  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
this Agreement, CNRI grants Licensee a non-exclusive, irrevocable,
non-transferable, royalty-free, worldwide license to reproduce,
analyze, perform publicly, prepare derivative works, or distribute the
Software, provided, however, that CNRI's Grail Browser License
Agreement (or an unambiguous identifier where it may be obtained
electronically), and CNRI's notices of copyright and trademark, i.e.,
"Copyright (c) CNRI 1996-1998.  GRAIL,is a registered trademark of
CNRI", are displayed prominently when the Software starts up and
appear on any associated documentation.


3.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, in
particular, the license granted by CNRI under paragraph 2 above, if
Licensee, at its sole cost and expense, uses the Software to prepare a
derivative work that is based on or incorporates the Software or any
part thereof, and wants to make the derivative work available to the
public for commercial or noncommercial purposes, or uses the Software
in this derivative form to provide a service to the public, then
Licensee hereby agrees: (i) to indicate in any such work, in a
prominently visible way, the specific modifications made to CNRI's
Software; (ii) not to introduce any modifications known to be harmful,
or where there is reason to believe they will be harmful, to other
users and their systems; and (iii) to notify CNRI of any release or
other use of Licensee's derivative work.


4.  Licensee agrees to assume full responsibility for its use and sale
of the Software and for the marketing of any derivative works made by
Licensee, and Licensee expressly agrees to indemnify and hold harmless
CNRI, its officers, employees and agents, from and against any and all
claims, lawsuits and causes of action (including reasonable attorneys'
fees and related costs) by third parties, including but not limited to
personal injury, property damage, or damage or loss due to
infringement of any other rights (including patent, copyright, or
other intellectual property rights) which result to such third
parties, directly or indirectly, from Licensee's sale or use of the
Software or Licensee's derivative works.


5.  Licensee agrees to share with CNRI any bug fixes, patches, ports
to other platforms, minor corrections and the like made by Licensee to
the Software.  Licensee hereby agrees and acknowledges that any such
changes shall be deemed free of any claims under copyright, patent or
other rights or interests and that CNRI may reproduce, disseminate and
otherwise use the changes as part of its Software at no cost to CNRI
or its licensed users.  CNRI may, at its sole discretion, decide
whether or not to incorporate any such changes in the Software.


6.  Licensee may not use CNRI's trademarks or trade name, including
GRAIL or CNRI, in any trademark sense to endorse or promote Licensee's
products or services.  Licensee may use the mark GRAIL in connection
with License's derivative works that are based on or incorporate the
Software, but only in the form "GRAIL-based Nifty Browser for PCs" or
equivalent, together with a statement that "GRAIL is a registered
trademark of CNRI."


7.  In the installation, running, distribution and other use of the
Software provided to Licensee under this Agreement, CNRI has no
objection if Licensee makes use of computer software owned by others,
including, in particular, Python and Tcl/Tk, provided, however, that
Licensee complies with the terms of any license agreements
accompanying such computer software.  Licensee hereby acknowledges
that CNRI shall not be deemed a party to or otherwise subject to any
obligations of Licensee to third parties.


8.  CNRI is making the Software available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis.  CNRI MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, CNRI MAKES NO
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION
WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS (INCLUDING PATENT, COPYRIGHT,
OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS).  TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
LAW, CNRI SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR OTHER USERS OF THE
SOFTWARE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS
AS A RESULT OF USING, MODIFYING OR DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE, OR ANY
DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.  IN
ANY EVENT, CNRI'S ENTIRE LIABILITY AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED TEN DOLLARS (U.S.$10.00).


9.  This Agreement may be terminated by CNRI: (i) immediately upon
written notice from CNRI of any material breach by the Licensee, if
the nature of the breach is such that it cannot promptly be remedied;
or (ii) sixty days following notice from CNRI to Licensee of a
material remediable breach, if Licensee has not remedied such breach
within that sixty-day period.


10.  Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create any
relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture between the
parties.  This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in
accordance with the law of the Commonwealth of Virginia.  In the event
any part of this Agreement is declared invalid or otherwise
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining
provisions shall remain in force.


11.  Export of this Software from the United States may require a
specific license from the United States Government.  It is the
responsibility of any person or organization contemplating export to
obtain such a license before exporting, and to comply with all
applicable laws and regulations relating to such exports.


--------------------------------------------------------------


Please supply the following information for our records:


Name of Licensee:

Affiliation:

Title:

Internet address:

Fax. No:

Street address:



---------------------------------------------------------------


BY CLICKING ON THIS BUTTON, YOU WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE AGREED TO THE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.


[Grail source]
